Hello and Namaste, about the benefits of Policy One's official
Health Shield 360.
Those who have this policy will be
clear about the benefits they have,
and those who do
n't have it will understand
why they should take this policy and what benefits
it offers. Let's
first understand what ICICI Lombard Health Shield is. This
plan is a health insurance plan that will
provide you with basic medical support, worldwide coverage, and various ways to manage your health.
This plan covers
you inpatient, outpatient hospitalization,
pre- and post-hospitalization, day care
procedures, OPD expenses. If you
choose this plan as a top-up, it covers
emergency, domestic, and air ambulance.
Optional covers like maternity benefit, worldwide
inpatient hospitalization, and more.
We'll explain this later. The
first benefit of this policy is that it
offers a 360-degree wellness program.
360-degree wellness program means that the policyholder will
get an all-round wellness program benefit that keeps your well-being on
track.  It offers health
assistance
and wellness points, which you
can use to avail premium discounts or additional benefits.
Another advantage is that many health
insurance plans require a
checkup, but
policyholders aged 55 years or younger do
not need to undergo any medical checkup to purchase this health policy.
Recent benefits are also available in this policy. The
unlimited reset benefit
ensures that the insured is covered
beyond the maximum sum insured limit.
When your base sum insured is exhausted,
it is restored in the same policy year. The
ICICI Lombard
Health Shelf 360 policy also offers tax benefits.
All premiums paid for the ICICI Lombard Health Shelf 360 insurance policy are eligible for
tax benefits under Section 80D of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
Wait, wait, there are more benefits to come,
such as pre-registration.
After this, it seems like BP,
diabetes, all these are pre-existing
diseases and also inpatient
hospitalization, day care treatment, surgeries
and coverage for pre and post
hospitalization 90 days before and 180 days after
inpatient eye treatment, unlimited
reset benefit, additional sum assured for
extra coverage, home health care services,
a 360 well being program and air
ambulance cover, domestic road emergency
ambulance cover, donor expenses and domicile
hospitalization, you get all this
covered under this policy, so ICIC Lamba
Health Sha 360 is a great health insurance
policy in which everything is covered, that
too with minimum waiting period, so this
was the review video of ICIC Lamba Health Sha 360, if you
liked it then like and
subscribe to us, and to
get insurance from PolicyX, you
can click on the link given in the description box
and get your insurance plan without any spam or gimmicks, till then buy
and take care